add chunk alloc system variable (#11129)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `OFF`
- This variable is used to show whether the execution plan used in the previous `execute` statement is taken directly from the plan cache.

### `last_sql_use_alloc` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: `OFF`

> - This variable is read-only. It is used to show whether the previous statement uses a cached chunk object (Chunk allocation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is read-only. It is used to show whether the previous statement uses a cached chunk object (chunk allocation).
```

- This variable is used to control whether to enable TiDB mutation checker, which is a tool used to check consistency between data and indexes during the execution of DML statements. If the checker returns an error for a statement, TiDB rolls back the execution of the statement. Enabling this variable causes a slight increase in CPU usage. For more information, see [Troubleshoot Inconsistency Between Data and Indexes](/troubleshoot-data-inconsistency-errors.md).
- For new clusters of v6.0.0 or later versions, the default value is `ON`. For existing clusters that upgrade from versions earlier than v6.0.0, the default value is `OFF`.

> ### tidb_enable_reuse_chunk <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

Reviewer: According to the source PR, this variable should be moved to Line 1662.

- The default value is `CANCEL`, but in TiDB v4.0.2 and earlier versions, the default value is `LOG`.
- This setting was previously a `tidb.toml` option (`oom-action`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB v6.1.0.

### `tidb_max_reuse_chunk` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `64`
- Range: `[0, 2147483647]`

> - This variable controls the maximum cached chunk objects of chunk allocation. Adjusting this variable to a larger value might increase the risk of OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the maximum cached chunk objects of chunk allocation. Adjusting this variable to too large a value might increase the risk of OOM.
```

### `tidb_max_reuse_column` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `256`
- Range: `[0, 2147483647]`

> - This variable controls the maximum cached column objects of chunk allocation. Adjusting this variable to a larger value might increase the risk of OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the maximum cached column objects of chunk allocation. Adjusting this variable to too large a value might increase the risk of OOM.
```
